Random Quote Generator Quotes

"The more you sweat in training, the less you bleed in combat." – Navy SEALs
"The ultimate aim of martial arts is not having to use them." – Miyamoto Musashi
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times." – Bruce Lee
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"In the martial arts, it is not how much you have learned, but how much you have absorbed from what you have learned." – Bruce Lee
"To win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the highest skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the highest skill." – Sun Tzu
"Martial arts is not about fighting; it's about building character." – Bo Bennett
"In martial arts, the biggest opponent you will ever face is yourself." – Unknown
"True martial artists do not fight to win, they fight to better themselves." – Unknown
"Karate is not about techniques and their execution, but about perfecting one's character." – Funakoshi
"Martial arts begin and end with respect." – Unknown
"A black belt is a white belt who never quit." – Unknown
"The best fighter is never angry." – Lao Tzu
"Martial arts is not about being better than someone else, it's about being better than you used to be." – Unknown
"The stillness in stillness is not the real stillness; only when there is stillness in movement does the universal rhythm manifest." – Bruce Lee
"In the martial arts, introspection begets wisdom. Always see contemplation on your actions as an opportunity to improve." – Soke Behzad Ahmadi
"A true martial artist doesn't live in balance; he creates it." – Dan Millman
"Your body can stand almost anything. It's your mind you have to convince." – Unknown
"The successful warrior is the average person, with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee
"Martial arts are a vehicle for developing your human potential." – Joe Rogan
"Train with the energy of a warrior and soon you will have the heart of a warrior." – Shifu Yan Lei
"Martial arts are less about fighting others and more about fighting ourselves. The real value lies in conquering one's own limitations." – Unknown
"In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate." – Isaac Asimov
"A punch should stay like a treasure in the sleeve. It should not be used indiscriminately." – Chotoku Kyan
"In martial arts, the journey is the reward." – Unknown


 “Be humble, hungry, and always be the hardest worker in the room. – Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson",

 “My mom is always telling me it takes a long time to get to the top, but a short time to get to the bottom. – Miley Cyrus",




 “Try and fail, but never fail to try. – Jared Leto",

 “He who has the gold makes the rules. – Tyler Perry",

 “Without wonder and insight, acting is just a business. With it, it becomes creation. – Bette Davis",

 “I had an extraordinary belief in myself. For years people told me to give it up and even though I was poverty- stricken, I never thought I should give it up. – Michael Caine",

“I care about the connection with the audience. Film is such a powerful medium. Movies can change the way people think.” – Nicolas Cage

“Eventually stardom is going to go away from me. It goes away from everybody and all you have in the end is to be able to look back and like the choices you made.” – Matt Damon

“If I was going to be successful, I had to be successful with myself. I couldn’t be successful doing what other people were doing…The worst thing to be is as successful as someone else. That’s a very difficult thing to upkeep and very tiring.” – Jay-Z



 

“Life is a menu so remember whoever and whatever you order for your life is what’s gonna be delivered to your table.” – Tyrese
 

“After each experience, you grow up, you get enriched with something, and you don’t know how you’re going to be in six months, you don’t know what you’re going to want, what you’re going to need.” – Audrey Tautou

“Careers are here and they’re gone. No matter how great we think we are, we’re nothing but the temples of Ozymandias—we’re ruins in the making.” – William Shatner

“We’re at a point in history where everyone needs to pay attention to politics. Too much is at stake for us to be apathetic.” – Kevin Costner


“There are no regrets in life. Just lessons.” – Jennifer Aniston

“For me, our job as artists is to serve the story, serve the director, and serve the fellow actors. And if you do that, by osmosis you’re serving yourself because you’ll get the best out of yourself.” – David Oyelowo

“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.” – Arnold Schwarzenegger

“There comes a certain point in life when you have to stop blaming other people for how you feel or the misfortunes in your life. You can’t go through life obsessing about what might have been.” – Hugh Jackman

“Life is too short to miss out on the beautiful things, like a double cheeseburger.” – Channing Tatum

“We all create our own reality by the choices we make.” – Cuba Gooding Jr

“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson